Gwenevere Abriel: Peter Peterson Amy Peterson.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi stranger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have audio. Oh, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Mia Petersen: I have my little home office.
Mia Petersen: But
Mia Petersen: Yeah, I don't know, people can hear me or not, like, just to know one sinner up that I
Mia Petersen: Might need to move will say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll just we'll just adjust as needed.
Mia Petersen: Now just rolling with it.
Mia Petersen: All the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're meeting in short order for you get every second out of this go inside. Pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to come away with today. Do you want
That happen.
Mia Petersen: I think I just have been really unstable lately.
Mia Petersen: So we talked last Thursday. And I think so. After that, I just, I didn't go on a bender, but I'm way off on the medication. I've been taking more than I should have
Mia Petersen: I should have reached out again and then I was like guilty about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you end up taking more
Mia Petersen: On Friday and Saturday and Sunday.
Mia Petersen: I think I'm really well. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Mia Petersen: Much money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Mia Petersen: What else bit of and your money I wind on Saturday.
Mia Petersen: And I just was like, dude, this is, this is crazy. So back on track. Today I got back. Actually, I got back on my medication, yesterday I just felt so yesterday I took 53 quarters or yeah point seven five milligrams
Mia Petersen: Today I took that
Mia Petersen: And I really like yeah how much
Gwenevere Abriel: How much did you take in, because I thought I heard, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday you taken more
Mia Petersen: Yeah, it must not have been Sunday.
Mia Petersen: Okay, yeah, I think it maybe was Thursday. OK.
Mia Petersen: So now I'm behind three days because I basically took twice as much
Mia Petersen: Why do this because I do this without. I mean, I don't have a plan.
Mia Petersen: I don't know why. Like, I know, but then I like lie to myself and I'm like just figure it out later. And it's like there's no figuring it out later.
Mia Petersen: So a couple of things came to mind on Sunday when I was just like in a troll. A little under a rock feeling shitty about myself.
Mia Petersen: When I think
Mia Petersen: I remember this happening to me last summer, when I gone down. I can't remember what my dosage was but like I had gone down and it was around the time we took that trip.
Mia Petersen: And I was just so uncomfortable. And I think it was just a point of clarity of sobriety where I was like a real world so
Mia Petersen: I feel like that might have been some of it for me going down to the point seven five like
Mia Petersen: I enjoy the clarity, but I just really am overwhelmed by been silver ish or, you know, close
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stay with the real world sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to see what's different between that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday, Friday, Saturday, what's different.
Mia Petersen: Well, no much i mean
Mia Petersen: I'm just trying to pull it back together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay. Let me give you an example of what I mean.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm just, it's just now coming to mind that I didn't really hear from you what you want from today but
Gwenevere Abriel: So, for example, a Monday may have expectations attached to it. It may have commitments.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had this with me. I don't know if you'd have to go into work, you may have recourse, you have to write may have calls you may have some
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, just check and see how
Gwenevere Abriel: How it's different than you, for it's probably going to be easier than Saturday and Sunday, but your started maybe Thursday night this over medicating
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on around Thursday and Friday with you and the real world sucks, was that when I have to take care of these kids for three weeks came up
Yeah.
Mia Petersen: There was that and
Mia Petersen: We as a workforce. We're trying to figure out, like, you know, are we going to work, remote which centers are going to go remote. So my boss was leading that and she was just really stressed out, she ended up yelling at me on Thursday, and I was just like,
Mia Petersen: I just hit like a breaking point. It was after we admit and
Mia Petersen: I was just like, where did we meet on Wednesday.
Mia Petersen: Right away.
Mia Petersen: Was definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: On the 11th. We met on the 11th and you. I don't know if you went to grew up on on the 12th i don't i don't know either.
Mia Petersen: Group on the 12th. But yeah, we've met. We've met on the 11th and I was kind of rough then and then like ticked I just got yelled at this
Mia Petersen: She was just stressed, but you know I don't do well with that I take them through personally and there was just a lot of stress around. And I'm like, trying to take care of the kids and I'd send a with me. And I'm like,
Mia Petersen: Trying to work and just all of that was was a lot and I was just like, overwhelmed. I've just felt really depressed these past few weeks, felt really overwhelmed.
Mia Petersen: I just really haven't felt myself and I think all of that combined was just like, I've been feeling like I want to use for so long and then working out and and trying to like distract and I just
Mia Petersen: It just kind of like all I was just like, I can't, I can't deal with this.
Mia Petersen: And I think part of it is, I might need to increase my antidepressants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: We can, yes. That's yes, we don't have to overanalyze that but I want to talk about what you could have also done
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do retail therapy do for you. Let's see what what you the solutions you selected to use. What did it do for you.
Mia Petersen: Well, I bought some stuff for the home office. So that made me feel a bit more prepared and organized and but then I also just bought a bunch of other stuff.
Mia Petersen: And then I was like, way. I haven't budgeted for this. I got planned for this. Now I have to ask less for money. So I was like, great. So then I asked us for money and he's like, No problem. That's fine. You can come pick up a check and then
Mia Petersen: So that was okay. That's really not but
Mia Petersen: More just feeling like
Mia Petersen: Me Um, let me get my phone. I'm going to move upstairs just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Mia Petersen: So he's asleep in my room.
Mia Petersen: You know all the stuff and so
I get logged in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. Good luck back out. I'll just kind of open up a little note kind of peruse through it. Okay.
Mia Petersen: Okay, cool. Thanks, guys. I'll see you in one moment sounds. Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: See here. Okay.
Mia Petersen: Dude, if I can figure out how to walk out.
Okay.
Manage participants.
See what I'm doing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, test, test, test, test, test,
Gwenevere Abriel: So taking some notes, want to circle back though.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can identify what you want SPECT back up a little bit. Your concern overwhelmed, you identified some self medicating retail therapy. But what just from today.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you leave here today meeting with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to come away with
mia petersen: Think
mia petersen: Of one feel better.
mia petersen: That's pretty vague.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. Go with that just finished the free association want to feel better with what around what when hat like I want to feel better.
mia petersen: Yeah.
mia petersen: I want to feel when I think I want to feel better about myself like I've been really
mia petersen: Unhappy lately, and then I start to doubt myself.
mia petersen: And I know I don't like that. I don't want to go back to that you know that constant self doubt that I was used to live with, which is still pretty new for me.
mia petersen: I had that constant, but then it starts to creep in and I'm like, am not good enough things aren't good enough that the perfection. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. I got it.
mia petersen: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: If we keep doing the same thing. If we don't start to do some different types of interventions. If we don't shift things up a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: There, right, we might be continuing this so i i get you did what you used to do is you. You did reach for something outside of yourself and you have forgotten the year enough that you could literally throw your hands up and say just locking myself in the bathroom, just to take a bath.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, um, but you didn't remember or this was the tipping point with being yelled at, or whatever the chip, whatever. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you may get to find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it is to them. And so that's remember it last time I was talking about boundaries and how to set the limits with the kids and
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to find out a little bit more clearly. Can I do this in a way that I don't lose myself that I don't get overwhelmed, maybe what's happening is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not doing it. You're getting overwhelmed and not setting limits, possibly. I'm not there to watch. I'm not there to here, but you would know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's um
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you're on your phone now.
Yeah.
mia petersen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a little more challenging. Do you have the ability to set up.
Gwenevere Abriel: An opportunity for some Desensitization and Reprocessing
mia petersen: Do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's the have the two
mia petersen: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think I can just pop the phone up right yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And then grab to water bottle.
mia petersen: Candles.
Gwenevere Abriel: And put him. Yes, next to
mia petersen: That too bright for you.
Know the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that it's the I movements going to be off a little even stacked on books if you have them look at your puppies behind you. I see.
mia petersen: I don't like this week. They're so excited that I
Work.
mia petersen: Take any I'm having some private time right
mia petersen: Yeah.
mia petersen: Oh, it's an Alondra
mia petersen: Needs to get washed. A. I know.
mia petersen: I know if you double time, you can have a ticket. Okay.
mia petersen: I know has eight tickets
mia petersen: She's on it. She likes
mia petersen: It's working. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing
mia petersen: She's doing it. She's like, I want to take it.
mia petersen: I know, she's so cute. She is a little sweet. She's thrilled them are
mia petersen: Great.
mia petersen: They're not the same high. What else to Sophie have in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks can prop things up.
mia petersen: All of her books tonight.
mia petersen: So, is that better.
mia petersen: And then
mia petersen: I have something level that I can go
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your shoulders like this, your hands and you move it forward about arm's length and they should go straight out.
Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close your eyes will go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Strain and you want to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe from fingertip to shoulder away from the objects that she has some distance your eyes aren't strange of your arms out
mia petersen: Oh, like this. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that the hands just touch the
mia petersen: Other way around
mia petersen: The phone not in front of it is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Pop Tart.
mia petersen: It's like a, it's a little yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So with this is what we're doing. As long as you can see, which cup. I'm pointing to that. I'm not going to want you looking directly at my finger. But you'll just be getting the pace. You see, that's it. That's fantastic. Now, did your eyes hurt when you were doing that.
mia petersen: No, that's okay. I think I'm just having
mia petersen: Is that good like like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, as long as that's fantastic. Okay.
mia petersen: Now I've got my points to look up. Okay, perfect, perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little bit of targeting around this. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normally, we, we, kind of, you know, Socratic dialogue and wander around, but I think it's time let's let's do some other stuff.
mia petersen: It's done time
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because it's present. So what do we have, I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: skip all the psycho education. Let's just go to a target you just got you got triggered and you had a thought a negative cognition and you clarify. I'm going to say it, but then you correct me. Okay. The one I heard was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amount of what I do see
Gwenevere Abriel: See me doing all these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not enough. Now, that's me. I want to know what your what your thinking is
mia petersen: You have that's pretty close right like
mia petersen: You know, it felt that way. Like when my boss yelled at me, it felt that way yesterday after less was like you can spend money and then he's like, you spend too much money and
mia petersen: I feel that way when I let myself down by self medicating
mia petersen: Right, I feel that way. Like I just in general at work right now like I've worked really hard. It's not being recognized
mia petersen: Okay, Justin.
mia petersen: Find a specific
Gwenevere Abriel: Weight right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you weren't recognized and more than not recognized you were yelled at scolded. It wasn't just I wasn't recognized it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Not just minimized. But something negative happened so
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to know the meaning you made it that and I'd like it in this I am when she
mia petersen: yelled at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember what sponsoring belief about you is going on underneath all of that to take it nice and easy, slow, slow, slow, we want to try and get the core belief about the self, she's yelling at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember what you were thinking about yourself.
mia petersen: Not
mia petersen: So many things. I'm not smart enough, I'm not right.
mia petersen: I'm not respected. I'm not thought of is competent right I am incompetent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
mia petersen: And I am
mia petersen: You know, incapable
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am incompetent.
Gwenevere Abriel: That does that grasp it more than I'm not smart.
mia petersen: I think so. I think so. Like, I start to then it's like, I doubt my decisions.
mia petersen: Start to doubt my my intellect or my document or my experience or my judgment, right, like, Oh, I guess I don't have good judgment. I didn't make a good judgment call there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if we can refine it so close your eyes and you say, both of these statements out loud. See which one seems more colder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm incompetent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try that one.
mia petersen: I am incompetent.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't trust my judgment.
mia petersen: I can't trust my judgment.
mia petersen: Think it's the judgment really
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel in your body as you say that
mia petersen: Mr. Nick is like
mia petersen: A result I like yeah I don't have good judgment. I came with trusted decisions because I will miss out, make the wrong decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't be trusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you probably know. So right there. And those are the core central parts of the body, the stomach and chest and let's give it
Gwenevere Abriel: An emotion label. What do we call the emotion, you're feeling as you sit. When I can't be trusted.
mia petersen: Disappointment.
mia petersen: Disappointment. A lot of
mia petersen: Shame.
mia petersen: Shame. Shame to myself. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They live in this in that central stuff right there where your stomach and chest right down the center of the body. That's where you know they're registering. Okay. And let me see, to the degree
Gwenevere Abriel: That you believe that to be true. Right now, one to 10 I can't be trusted 10 is it's absolutely true, were you out with that believing. That's true.
mia petersen: Maybe like a seven.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you would like to be thinking right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: About yourself.
mia petersen: I can be trusted. I do have good judgment and
mia petersen: I'm competent
mia petersen: I do have
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: See which one lands. We want it nice and sweet. Which one lands more succinctly, you may register in the stomach and chest sort of the dissonance, as you say it. So just try it on. I do have good judgment. See how it feels, if that's
mia petersen: I think you have good judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, versus
Gwenevere Abriel: unconfident
mia petersen: I am competent
mia petersen: I think it's, I can be trusted. I can be trusted. There's a lot around that that trust.
mia petersen: At like
mia petersen: Anything. It's not one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how true from one to seven how true right now is I can be trusted. First thing that comes what number yet.
mia petersen: For okay and be like a three or four
Gwenevere Abriel: You might do 3.5
Yeah.
Two 3.5
mia petersen: It's like right here when I yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So right there. Go to the chest. Let's let it inform the next piece and then we'll move into the iterations of the bilateral stimulation here and let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Really turn that awareness to the chest and see. Let's go back and have a meaningful bridging to early experience or a very intense experience you've had a recent trigger
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if there's links.
To history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you see maybe a memory earliest age or most intensive can't be trusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up for you.
mia petersen: Gosh, I'm having trouble finding a specific instance, but I'm seeing my dad. I'm seeing my dad being like, like he used to have this expression or he would tell me and my sister just hover.
mia petersen: And in a really started voice to be like hover, don't touch a fucking thing you kids always ruin my stuff you ruin everything I have
mia petersen: And
mia petersen: I'm trying. Well,
mia petersen: There's this one time. My sister stole my dad's truck.
mia petersen: Like in the middle of the night I drove to her friends and wrecked it is I got blamed for it. And I told my dad. I was like, I didn't do this, I promise and do this. And he's like, You can't be trusted. You can't be trusted, your fucking liar. You're a liar, like your mom.
mia petersen: And I got into a lot of trouble right now is very upset.
mia petersen: And it's hard for it's hard for me to access that memory.
mia petersen: Almost like
mia petersen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's look at that stay with that you're okay. You're right. We don't have to push hard at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that distress level zero to 100 how distressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it right now to bring it up. Are we at zero to 100
mia petersen: I'm not. I'm having a little bit of symptom here. It's interesting. My back is hurting
mia petersen: It's hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like 7070 or 50 or 30
mia petersen: Or 2030 house can say like
25 3025
mia petersen: Yeah, let's go there.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go with that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a, it's actually on the lower end, which says to me, we might be able to do just the distance, but I want to remind you
Gwenevere Abriel: That the work that you and I are doing is a little different. This is attached focused, which means I'm going to want you to include either. Maybe all included. Or you can include them anytime you want to your protective figure that's the adult self.
Gwenevere Abriel: motherly parental figure encasing a shield very almost like armor a nurturing figure the adult you okay
mia petersen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is also wise figure which you included with Dr. Rob real so her hair wise elder so you can bring in. And also, you and I are here together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, your eyes will be open. There might be times when I asked you to talk through the iteration I may not. But this first one, there might be an increase in distress that would be normal and you're okay. The goal is to bring it back down. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like you to do is I'd like you to picture the worst image of that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't beat. I can't be trusted the negative cognition and I want you to open your eyes and want you to look at those two projects. At this rate, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's straining your eyes. You can sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's Breathe in. Breathe in nice belly breath, bring it down low, low, low,
Gwenevere Abriel: Go let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, what you notice
mia petersen: Still just thinking about that. Okay.
mia petersen: So we're going to
mia petersen: Notice that it was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go with that. So you're still thinking about it, pull up the worst image of it and that negative cognition. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure you're, you're not straining your eyes that you've got a good distance here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's going to be a little longer.
You want to keep your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be other sounds, life goes on, just circling come back to that image in that negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget to keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you now.
mia petersen: Some distance there. I see adult bells. A who's, who's comforting and in control and
mia petersen: I do feel the need to escape the first time was coming up was that was where I started using
mia petersen: Because my dad would yell at me and it was physically her to sell me verbally abusive and I would get in my car and drive down the road and get high and calm down and come back.
mia petersen: So I didn't have any place else to go. So
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go with that. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, or scrimmage and go with that.
Breathing. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale together nice belly breath right down to the bottom of the lung.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, nice and slow. All of it out the mouth.
Your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what comes up.
mia petersen: Feel better, but I feel like
mia petersen: This is a little bit like
mia petersen: I think that's what it is, where it's like, I don't, I don't feel completely in my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's spend some time with the figures, we're just going to do that. This is going to be a slow iteration. And in fact, I want you to also
Gwenevere Abriel: Also tune into me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever sort of rapport trust relationship that we have in this therapeutic relationship on right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be present with that you're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice that you communicated starting to sort of leave right you weren't sort of present with that and then pull up the images protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing and wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: See this starting to change. Notice there's something more that's needed
And I will
mia petersen: It's better
Gwenevere Abriel: To do some installing with that these iterations. So I want you to hold those fingers and that's all we're going to do. Okay, so the SLOWER. OKAY. THE WHOLE Dennis worry I work hard, right, pulling in and out awareness really picturing them these is going to be a slug generation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention body these images.
Tune in to both of you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together into the belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then slow as you can. Let's make this the longest breath you've ever exhale and
Gwenevere Abriel: Quiet witnessing just see what comes up.
mia petersen: Better I can be present and
mia petersen: It makes me a little sad to think that I just never had that but converting to picture little Mia surrounded
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're going to go without to it again, just what you just did go nice and slow, which you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put your hands together across the nation min ago
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to keep moving. But I'd like you to share what's coming up for you. You're talking
mia petersen: Feeling better feeling happiness, you know, security.
mia petersen: Feeling like I can
mia petersen: It's hard for me to look at and talk
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's okay.
mia petersen: Feeling like I just relieve tension is leaving my shoulders.
mia petersen: I can feel my shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, the sounds we integrate into the practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being aware both what's going on outside of you and inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing
mia petersen: I feel like a return to my body and I can
mia petersen: Now again, feel like actually feel my shoulders and feeling like a weight has been lifted.
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check in on something.
mia petersen: Like you know it's like it's like a sorry to interrupt.
mia petersen: Like when you're carrying something really heavy for a long time now, like a weight is lifted, but like, Oh, well, wait a second. Like there's like a
mia petersen: Like when I was disassociate I didn't realize how tense. I was because I couldn't really check in. I was just like, out of the body. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be trusted.
mia petersen: Still
mia petersen: Not quite there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What number are we at
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to please me. I really want to know what's going on for you.
mia petersen: I feel I can be trusted more but I'm still very uncertain night picture little vs a child like kind of like okays the coast clear, can I come out like that's kind of how I feel okay and be a dangerous subsided. Right. It's not quite but
mia petersen: Don't know quite there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go deviate. Just a little bit. I want to take a closer look at some of these
Gwenevere Abriel: Figures that you've created. Okay, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to check in on. I'm just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You have identified a protective figure us the adult self like motherly parental figure in casing a shield barrier almost like armor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inside that
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, are you when you picture a little Mia, are you able to actually visualize this because if it's not enough. You might need to refine this a little bit.
mia petersen: So I think
mia petersen: That's really good point. I don't. Yeah. So I see me as a separate
mia petersen: And then I don't really know what's behind that armor there.
mia petersen: I think
mia petersen: That one's hard for me because I'm sure that as parents
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. That's why we're coming back to this one. It's not uncommon that as I've been watching the first time you guys explore it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come up with it tested. We just did it didn't quite click it's okay that informs it because
Gwenevere Abriel: This is critical. This is about trust. So getting this one spot on that you can feel sleepy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I don't want to miss miss the refinement on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scan your environment. Again, so go quiet inside allow imagination. Allow anyone in your life. It can be fiction, it can be real that you have been witness to the quality of protection that little Mia.
Really could have benefited from this got that.
mia petersen: I kind of I picture you and then I also picture my best friend's mom.
mia petersen: Fantastic who is
mia petersen: Christy
mia petersen: And
mia petersen: Christy always, you know,
mia petersen: Christy made sure that
mia petersen: The boundaries were clear, you know, she had boundaries for us. She made sure that the kids were safe. She put our kids first
mia petersen: And I spent a lot of time they're growing up.
mia petersen: Christie took care of herself. She always made time for ourselves so that she was physically and mentally healthy, but she always took care of us to and made sure that we had what we need.
mia petersen: Needed and she was generous with us to what she definitely she would let us know. You know what the expectation was
mia petersen: And what the consequence was if we didn't meet the expectation, but she would also she didn't yell, she would explain it to us and say hey you know
mia petersen: Like I remember she would always look at encourage us to look at the other side of things.
mia petersen: And even now as an adult, I know she's
mia petersen: Always very supportive.
mia petersen: Right, like she's, she's like, I'm so proud of you. You're doing so good with the kids.
mia petersen: She summarized Meyer a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: So, could be convenient. Since you mentioned me also. So take a look at me because I happen to be here. See what pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can sort of make use of right here. Take what Christine meant to you back then. See what's also present here with me. Good name some of that.
mia petersen: Yeah, like that's what I like about you too is that you're very
mia petersen: Playful but you also have firm boundaries and you're very protecting and like I was thinking about that this weekend, like you always
mia petersen: You know, you're like, I want I want everything for you. I want the best for you. But you also aren't you know like some other people in my life. Or like, oh, just go for it.
mia petersen: You're like, no, that's not good for you, you, you, that's not going to make you happy. In the long run, right. So I think about that in terms of parent of being
mia petersen: Supportive right but also saying, nope. This is not what we stand for system horn. And do you know I expect better you I'll help you get there.
mia petersen: Okay, I think we're I mistaking that
mia petersen: I've seen the armor, but I don't see that substance behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay with this is, this is what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Backed me here. The rest of them.
mia petersen: Like this is what I expect you know this is what is
mia petersen: The guy lost my train of thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was important because it's playful protective
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a sense in here because it sounded very similar to to Christie's she would explain things about her expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: And you knew she would her. I think she was consistent
mia petersen: She has
Gwenevere Abriel: What we expected. And you knew what to expect. She wasn't yelling it but you knew if I do this, then this will happen if I don't do this. Why then, this might happen, you were able to hear it clearly. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can find some words.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Christie.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's get some imagery with it, see us an action because there's a real melding you use very similar wording.
Gwenevere Abriel: With both of us just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture a little Mia.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to and we're probably going to do some weaving and and this will probably be doing a slow iteration, but I really want you to get into the imagery. So, and register your body as the litmus test to find out if it really is true. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that may be shifts, like, yeah, that was it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get an Omnia, and
Gwenevere Abriel: There's sort of false accusation. There's some my fault. I mean, Blaine, lots of trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: physically abuse psychologically abused and then
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this other type of person, a protective type that looks like this. Like Christie and when
Gwenevere Abriel: They do these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Types of people are these people
mia petersen: I guess.
mia petersen: You know, like protector coming up with the protecting figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective mom.
mia petersen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom and getting it captures playfulness self care care putting children's safety first also includes being very clear about what expectations are. And then all of those other pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before we do the next generation. I just want to check in, because everybody's got their kids, kids at home based
Gwenevere Abriel: Parenting before we do the next one.
mia petersen: Yeah, let me just asking. Thank you.
mia petersen: Sophie, so I yeah I'm in a meeting and I need you to stop screaming
mia petersen: I'm in the meeting, I need you to stop screaming. Okay, thank you.
mia petersen: That should last about five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pull that back up in in that space of
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to that worst image.
mia petersen: I'm envisioning my dad's house and I'm like standing behind the protective figure and my dad is yelling and he protected for years coming in and is by that barrier and almost taking me out. Does that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was open your eyes. And I want you to pull that image up, keep it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To a couple of short ones coming up for you right now.
mia petersen: It's hard for me to leave. Right. Like I could envision being taken out, but not that long term security.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can see being
Gwenevere Abriel: Taken out of the house.
mia petersen: Yeah, like I want to leave the house. I want to say almost like I want to move in with this person.
mia petersen: I'm like, I want out. I want to redo but I keep seeing that like this pool like know pull, man. I see my dad be like, I'll be better, I'll be better and person like kind of teaching and say no, then getting sucked back in
Gwenevere Abriel: See, see me ask this protective mom quality what she wants to she wants to ask
And if it comes up in some other way. That's fine too.
What's coming up for you.
mia petersen: Much better. Much a lot a lot more of a release so was able to ask for permission. Leave that house. I grew up in and go to my room.
mia petersen: Yeah, so like, you know, my special room and everything's
mia petersen: Nice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's add paying attention to the body.
mia petersen: Stay in the room.
mia petersen: Picture going outside the sadness is gone. I'm not having a lot of
mia petersen: Reaction in my body. I feel in my body. I don't feel the tension the headache is gone. I have like a headache, like a like a radiating dole that seems to be gone. I feel a lot better.
mia petersen: Feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that go with what you just said in that room. See if there's got to really be sure if there's any charge left in that body. This is the time we've got minutes left.
Gwenevere Abriel: She gets what she needs in that room get the imagery everything you need in that room scan the body. If there's any charge left and then open your eyes. When you're ready. Oh, here we go.
What's
mia petersen: Called
mia petersen: Tighter
Almost done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please scan the body.
In that room if that's where you still were
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together nice belly breath in.
Gwenevere Abriel: The mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what
mia petersen: I feel
mia petersen: Much less sad. Like I feel like I've been walking around for weeks, which is sadness, like a tiered out very easily have been very sensitive. I don't feel that right now. I feel much more calm and secure, I think, is probably a good word for it.
mia petersen: And
mia petersen: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about any charge left
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you got to be super careful of wanting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have an expected outcome from today that there's a difference between it actually happening and an expected outcome. And I might be exaggerating that vigilance that I have on it, but that's me because I mean it's true for you. It's just checking in on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is one way to do it, check when you, when I invited earlier. Was there any charge left in the body. Any tension okay in that room.
mia petersen: Yeah, when I was in my room and I just kept telling myself. You can stay here forever okay to leave you can stay here forever. Okay.
mia petersen: So then
Gwenevere Abriel: You can stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want that transcribed. You can stay here forever.
Yeah.
mia petersen: There's a tendency is for me to then say, nope. You have to go back. This isn't real. You have to go back and so if I just say it over and over, like you, you deserve to stay here. You can stay here. Right. Instead of thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see how true i can be trusted is okay, from one to seven, I'm sure, is that right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: First number that came to mind.
Takes
It moved up
mia petersen: Yeah, completely different in hell.
Like
mia petersen: Before was like I can be trusted. I was like, no, I can maybe I can. I don't know this one. The first was like, yes, I can be trusted. Not all i'm not 100% certain, but more certain. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Went up it was at 3.5
mia petersen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know with this and then I want whatever's left to go in the container or in the distancing metaphor, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why it's not a seven first response.
mia petersen: Still unsure.
mia petersen: I'm still unsure of myself.
mia petersen: No, I'm unsure how other people see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so not at seven because unsure of how people see me.
mia petersen: It's not I'm unsure of myself but side, I am not sure how others see me and I got live on that external validation. Still, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it makes sense that right that would it really triggered.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something big with what your Boston. Okay, let's go to taking whatever's left whatever is floating around. That's sort of unsettled or uncertain maybe would be something that might be distressing for you, and let's put it, let's put it in a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that you can lock up and let's see if we can actually get a little bit of distance. I'll have to go in here to see
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember what your container was
mia petersen: I don't remember. Oh, I remember being that little change box I have like a little miniature seeds that are used for my garage sales. Yeah, and it's opaque and it locks up
Gwenevere Abriel: pretty opaque powerless and size shoe box with metal lining. So stuff can't get out live like a miniature safe can shut it lock with a key and the keys in the pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that somehow that box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is in a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Driving the opposite direction. And you see it in the rear here, just notice getting further
Gwenevere Abriel: And further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no danger.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncertainty is far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your ability to trust yourself to tune in to be present in the messages, your body and your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Using all of your brain, not just the perceived threat. Yes, those will come habitually you can calm the body and use all parents, your brain to modulate initial reaction.
mia petersen: Oh no, what happened.
mia petersen: Bad one
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll let you go, you're ready.
mia petersen: Thank you. Glenn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will taxing will work on next.
mia petersen: And I should probably email back about my meds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes.
mia petersen: Um, should I talk about that in group. What is more
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What should I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, start the conversation. I guess in an email, maybe for that conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would I would be meeting with you right now, but I've got a client that's knocking on my door.
mia petersen: No, you're good, and Cindy just
mia petersen: She's got a huge bruise and road rash on her.
mia petersen: Email
mia petersen: I'll email, both of you. And then, okay, thank you. Glenn.
mia petersen: I feel much better. Thank you. Good bye.
Good morning.
Jessica G: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody's home all the kids are home everybody's kids running around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And fun seeing all their kids.
Jessica G: Yeah, I got my niece and my nephew here too.
Jessica G: My baby.
What's the
Gwenevere Abriel: For everybody. It's a little different. So I won't invite the topic. If it's not something pressing for you. What is this virus. It's in our lives now with heightened awareness. What is this like is it affecting you a great deal. Do we want to talk about that. What would you like to do
Jessica G: I'm actually, that's one of the topics that I have written down.
Jessica G: The other day. Okay, so I've been fine.
Jessica G: I've been fine and then the new day.
Jessica G: I seen a couple of the tiny little cockroaches in my kitchen. Uh huh. And, and that triggered, just like this huge meltdown for me.
Jessica G: Like I had just seen the briefing from Donald Trump, where he
Jessica G: He labeled data.
Jessica G: What is, what did he say a national pandemic, or something like that.
Jessica G: And I'm so seeing the little cockroaches. I started cleaning, cleaning and moved everything the stove and then I started crying and freaking out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is the meaning that those bugs have for you. They have a bigger meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, seeing those particular bugs. What does that mean to you. What's the first thing that comes to mind.
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: Just like
Jessica G: Like dirty.
Jessica G: Dirty
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: Who knows, like what diseases they carry stuff and they're invading their intruding in my home and and like I work so hard to keep my home clean but it's, you know, I'm not perfect and
Jessica G: So that just triggered like this whole thing and it was the day. Actually, the day that they had just um
Jessica G: That I had just the some cases popped up in New Mexico, like we were fine. I was everywhere else. But it wasn't any New Mexico, so that we knew of
Jessica G: And then I guess they did some testing and some people it was like in New Mexico now. And so that's the day that like I started seeing the roaches in my head just started spinning and I started crying and I was pretty hysterical.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see something it's intruding there intruding you cleaned and the hysterical that you described.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it continue even after you cleaned or while you were cleaning. I'm going to text my 11 year old here. I got one at home to
Gwenevere Abriel: You want six out
Jessica G: Of them I'm wash hands.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So were you
Gwenevere Abriel: Upset, but you're calling meltdown. Were you upset, while you're cleaning
Jessica G: Yes, I was crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was this. Do you remember Katarina thoughts. Do you remember the, was it I'm dirty now. Okay, so what was it,
Jessica G: I think just, I was just worried about, like, what's gonna happen. I'm
Jessica G: Everyone's like cleaning out the stores.
Jessica G: I have this trip plan. Do you know my mom had a trip planned and it's just
Jessica G: My son was asleep.
Jessica G: Those were my thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: My son was asleep. I had a trip planned.
Jessica G: Yeah, like I had a trip plan to go to California to see my mom. And now we're not gonna be able to go and
Jessica G: Just a bunch of stuff was going through my head like what's gonna happen.
Jessica G: And then now there's like a bunch of videos and no I shouldn't be watching on what there's like videos on Facebook about
Jessica G: That it. This is a bioterrorism attack. And then we're going to go into martial law, and this is the beginning of the new world order and and I'm into all that stuff into my I've always been into all that kind of stuff, like the conspiracy theories but
Jessica G: They were just conspiracy theories and now there's a possibility that it might be true.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: I don't know, I just, I was just freaking out.
Jessica G: But I cried. I cried for a little bit like for 30 minutes I was freaking out. And then my older brother showed up and then I I kind of felt better. Like, I felt like secure. Like, I don't know. It was weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about his being there helped to get you out of that.
Jessica G: Yeah I he walked into the door.
Jessica G: And I just ran to them and I hugged them. And he was like, What the heck, like, you know, cuz we have like the current this kind of relationship where like we
Jessica G: We kind of like
Jessica G: tease each other.
Jessica G: And so for me to like run up to him and hug them he kind of freaked out. And I was like, there's cockerel
Jessica G: It. He looks. He looks at my son's dad, and he's like, oh, like he knew that I was having like an episode.
Jessica G: And right away. He jumped into, like, okay, what can I do like let's go buy you some some
Jessica G: Some poison is out at what. What's the word for it.
Jessica G: Like this powder that you put to kill the bugs and then like, you know, you just got to keep it clean, and he was trying to help me, but I didn't tell them that like the underlying issue was that I was freaking out because of the coronavirus
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and even underneath that
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So notice how something's getting in in dating coming in the house. I'll tell you were kind of wording it before right coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's been a theme.
Gwenevere Abriel: This week so far is that notion. So just spend a little bit of time and just see what the emotion is with the idea that something's coming in the hall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something could come in the home.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel what's the emotion, how you label that
Jessica G: I feel
Scared.
Jessica G: I'm so scared. I feel I'm prepared.
I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it that people if you go to this extreme of the conspiracy. Whoops, in front of me.
Jessica G: Sorry, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting
Jessica G: Yeah okay because the kids migrated upstairs. Oh.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the sort of conspiracy theory that's one sort of wide swing to to say this is the end of the world kind of thing is this, it's gonna get really bad and
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you call that conspiracy theory. Do you have a label for this is what
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: Like the beginning of the new world order.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does anyone prepare for that.
Jessica G: I don't know. And now all I could think about is like everyone thought that the the Doomsday peppers was like we're crazy, but I bet you they like us. They're hiding now and their bunkers and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm sure they're just so happy in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the other extreme, or the other extreme of New World Order what. So if this is New World Order over here and we went all the way over and swung it over here. What would that look like
Jessica G: Everything goes back to normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Jessica G: Or what do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's, let me see a little bit more. So this is
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to bunker. And I'm assuming there's other behaviors that go into New World Order size the bunker. What else you have to do.
Jessica G: Own for the new world order. So like all basically our society is going to collapse and
Jessica G: I don't like all the money and everything all currency isn't going to be worth anything anymore. We're gonna have to like
Jessica G: Abide by specific set of rules. Basically, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what would be the exact opposite of bunkering down
Jessica G: The opposite of that would be like the coming of Jesus.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't think that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's stick with things that
Gwenevere Abriel: You could conceivably do yourself can't make the coming of Jesus. I don't think plus right so let's just go with the opposite of bunkering down. Are you wondering, are you in a bunker.
No.
Jessica G: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. But some people are
Gwenevere Abriel: So the opposite of that. Why, why isn't it everyone bunkering down because it's
Jessica G: Not that serious.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're bunkering down because it's not that serious.
Jessica G: Oh, why is everyone on why is everyone bunkering down all because
Jessica G: Because there's a pandemic happening that's killing people are great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now why are some people not bunkering down and doing the opposite of that.
Jessica G: Some people are not hunkering down because they don't have a bunker to go to maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: What might be another reason.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Because
Jessica G: There is a need to bunker down
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the people that do believe there's a need, the people that don't don't believe there's a need, right. So it's probably based on their worldview, the way they view this virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that people that are not offering down and don't see the need
Gwenevere Abriel: Our I'm believing
Gwenevere Abriel: The same
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing on Facebook as an example to quit believing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, what do you think they the opposite of this new world order total opposite. We're just doing extremes here. Do you think they believe
Gwenevere Abriel: People that are building a bunker believe there's a need
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a danger.
Jessica G: Build it
Jessica G: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the people that are not building a bunker. What do they believe
Jessica G: Um, that is not, it's not as grave, as some people are making it out to be like the government isn't trying to
Jessica G: Hurt us.
Jessica G: They're just trying to help us. Okay.
Jessica G: Government or we can trust them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Government is trustworthy.
Yeah.
Jessica G: I mean, from what I'm seeing like like I know there's people that absolutely hate Trump
Jessica G: But
Jessica G: The way I see it, like
Jessica G: He's our president he's there and there's nothing that we can do about it besides vote.
Jessica G: So I basically just listen to what he has to say and kind of, you know,
Jessica G: Just hope that he's trying. He has our best interests at heart.
Jessica G: I guess.
Jessica G: And hope that the medical officials really are setting up I'm testing sites and are taking precautions for for us not to contract over the virus. And if we do, then I hope that they're like
Jessica G: They have
Jessica G: At least some kind of idea of how to treat it.
Jessica G: And they're doing the best they can basically that's
Jessica G: Kind of my mindset now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you hold the position of hope. The way you just defined it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it's a good investment to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Watching
Gwenevere Abriel: The Conspiracy theory on Facebook. Is it good for your mental health.
Jessica G: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be good for your mental health.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take the position of presidents doing the best he can. You're doing the best you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be a good investment if your mental health.
Jessica G: Just
Jessica G: Proceed with life. Okay.
Jessica G: Deal with life and keep doing what I was doing and just try to
Jessica G: You know, stay clean wash my hands wash my son's hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a pretty important one, right. So, Washington. So an extreme although you didn't say it, I was thinking I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone in the opposite of Bunker down might be going out and deliberately making contact with someone who has been diagnosed with right
Gwenevere Abriel: That right
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be an extreme
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You found it on your own. No, I have to assume because there's only so much you can do because well unless you want to pick up drive to Washington DC or you want to do some advocacy unless you want to do that. There's only so much you can do in your home.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the stuff that you're letting in that Facebook information.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might consider not not not letting that happen like maybe that's where the hygiene is needed the bugs. Bugs were here long before you were here has nothing to do with you. Those bonds will survive out survive us. They just will
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the invasion part the helplessness. That happens because there's nothing you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not about it, you're cleaning the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you know, we get rats to, you know, we have proper that's near water, they're going to come walking by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, we're here before, so probably be her after us.
Jessica G: And then I found out that I'm are downstairs neighbors.
Jessica G: And so usually when they come. It's because somebody moved
Jessica G: Like out of an apartment or something. But it was just like I seen like three of them, and then
Jessica G: I went crazy cleaning and then I haven't seen them anymore.
Jessica G: And the same thing happened.
Jessica G: A few months ago I seen a mouse.
Jessica G: He I think the mouse all man I went nuts. I
Jessica G: started crying too. I started crying. I called my brother and he showed up with a bunch of like trapped and stuff and set them up. And so that's why he kind of knew what was going on with the cockroaches on it. Linder, I think cockroaches cycle. Okay, that's what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: But even, you know, there's meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Underneath it right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not just about the mouse. So what you do with the meaning of the mouse.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it sets it sets this negative. So I just curious, is, is there any history between dirty in your life. Is there some some history going back around dirty.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I know my my room. When I was younger I used to be such a mess. Like, you couldn't even see the floor.
Jessica G: It was always just really dirty when I was younger.
Jessica G: And I just, I couldn't bring myself to clean it.
Jessica G: I first got my own room when I was 12 years old I was when I first had my own room and then
Jessica G: It would just be really, really dirty and then the lights would always like die out. So it'd be like this like dark
Jessica G: Like the light bulbs were like, I don't know if they would like burn or something. Would it be like a really don't, don't lie and then
Jessica G: There was this one time where I guess they left the balcony open because where we live, the apartments that we lived in were next to like this open field. And that was a bunch of bunnies.
Jessica G: And so one morning I woke up, and so he ran over my like ran on top of my feet and it was a little bunny.
Jessica G: And I started freaking out. And so my brother was like trying to keep my brother, my mind. We're like trying to catch it when my brother was trying to catch me and my mom were standing on top of chairs and he was like freaking out to. He was so
Jessica G: Busy he's more scared of them there we were, but like he had to catch it, because I don't know. My mom told because you're the man, you have to catch it. And so he like
Jessica G: geared up with his baseball here and the
Jessica G: encoded with the baseball glove and threw it outside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a Bunny. Bunny was inside the house.
Yeah.
Jessica G: In my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this this
Gwenevere Abriel: This room.
Gwenevere Abriel: The prior to
Gwenevere Abriel: You are sharing a room with
My mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how was the room then
Jessica G: I'm the room that I shared with my mom.
Jessica G: Clean she kept it clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: anything negative happened in that room.
Jessica G: No. Okay.
Jessica G: No.
Jessica G: I was just always see like
Jessica G: It was just always like spiritual stuff like
Jessica G: And it was the same with anyone else who slept in the room like what am I my uncle was he was living with us and he
Jessica G: He said that there was a little girl. There was always this little girl that was in that apartment with that we would see and he seemed a little girl like on the edge of the bed and nice to see her all the time too.
Jessica G: But other than that, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been seeing the little girl on the edge of the bed.
Jessica G: Um, it was just when we moved into that apartment.
Jessica G: And then see her anymore after that.
Jessica G: And like everyone seen like everyone seen her like she was sitting in the middle of the kitchen floor. She picked her head around the corner like everyone was senior
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anyone not Seaver
Gwenevere Abriel: To seem like
Jessica G: Yeah, I just told many times that I noticed those when they would mention it or they would like freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're, you mentioned a spiritual thing. The girl on the bed or the kitchen floor is the spiritual thing.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have another way to describe that aside spiritual thing.
Jessica G: Supernatural
Jessica G: Spirit to spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever asked her what she wanted.
Jessica G: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would
Gwenevere Abriel: Your spiritual belief system.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it interpret that she's still there doing that.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I don't know if she has unfinished business or that her soul stayed in this realm.
Jessica G: When I was supposed to travel.
Jessica G: Somewhere else she got stuck down here.
Jessica G: Do you believe in all like in spirits and ghosts and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't typically share my my beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can talk a little bit about it. But one of the reasons why people don't get to hear a lot of stuff like kids family, blah, blah. Sort of. That's why there's no pictures can't see anything.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get in the way, believe it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you might start to see a limitation with us, and all of a sudden I can't trust because she has this. And then there's this different expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can still find a way to make it useful, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what would it be like, Well, what do you think so far, like right now. Are you concerned.
Gwenevere Abriel: About something I'm thinking
Jessica G: Yes, well not not not concerned.
Jessica G: More like I'm
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: Like, gosh. Does that make me
Jessica G: Does this mean that I'm like delusional or
Jessica G: Like you know
Jessica G: Oh, I see. Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I'm not sitting here thinking you're crazy.
Okay.
Jessica G: But, but am I know what does it mean that like I believe the knowledge that I guess is my question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're going to get a fuzzy answer from me, but I'll give it to you. Nonetheless, okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what what's been useful is seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether these beliefs are adaptive or not. So let's take the New World Order part
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how I was kind of putting things in its opposites.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's, it's, it's an opportunity to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it working for you. So an example might be. I'm so afraid that I'll meet another
Gwenevere Abriel: Ghost another soul. It stayed here in this realm. I'm so afraid that I
Gwenevere Abriel: won't leave my bedroom, go to the bathroom. Go to the hall, go to the kitchen. Watch. Right. I won't go outside will get a job won't let my child meet other children won't take him to the park on shop. So then you and I might be saying, hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this working and maybe changing the relationship with that fear with
Gwenevere Abriel: These, these spirits of the other realm, like changing the relationship with them so that you can function because I'm interested in functioning. I have no setup. About the only agenda that I have and I'm very transparent about it is a ground shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a really strong opinion about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But other than that, I mean, I basically say that one's a troublemaker. That's the one that I've watched for so many years that fuels addictive behavior self-reproach depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been so damaging to so many of my clients that I pretty much tell everybody. I don't. That's the one thing I don't like is Shane.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I haven't seen it benefit anybody haven't seen it be adaptive for anyone. So other than that. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it working for you.
Or is it not working for you.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just don't because everybody. I mean, think about how many different people have different spiritual beliefs, philosophical, some people don't identify at all their atheist or agnostic, or whatever. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I just want to know whether this is working for you or it's not. That's, that's really the only thing I just want to make sure that you're feeling supported
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all.
Jessica G: So let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, now this this part around the New World Order right
Gwenevere Abriel: This part around that the roaches represented dirty the dirty. One was what what caught my attention. The feeling invaded on caught my attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that makes you that's where that sadness was there was something about dirty and it coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may have something to do with that crying and that panic you described.
Jessica G: Well, okay. So my room is always really really dirty like I could never keep it clean. And then also, my mom.
Jessica G: Was like a
Jessica G: Like a clean freak like the type don't wash the walls with bleach and she always wanted everything to be clean and she was always screaming, you know,
Jessica G: And now that I'm older. I understand why she did it. You know, and now I clean everything all the surface is everything where everybody touch in the door knob.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you share the same motivation for why you play in the same way.
Jessica G: I'm not sure.
Jessica G: I don't know.
Jessica G: What her motivation was, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: She did it. I was just curious if you know what
Jessica G: Well too cute to be clean, to be clean, to not have any like
Jessica G: Infections in the house or anything like that. Any kind of flu.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that worked, has it. Do you think that that's kept the flow. Do you think that you're less
Gwenevere Abriel: Prone to flu you there's been less frequency of slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Terms when you sort of cross compare
Jessica G: I think so. Yeah, I think so. My, my son has only gotten sick.
Jessica G: I would say two times and me, I get upper respiratory infections because I've eight
Jessica G: Yeah. And so like the coil and the pin burns and it just, it's not good. I know it's not good for me.
Jessica G: Like I'm planning on stopping
Jessica G: I'm putting the intention out there.
Jessica G: But other than that, like,
Jessica G: We don't really get sick.
Jessica G: We don't really get sick and my son is comfortable and you know he could roll around on the ground, he wants to. So I guess. Yeah. So as it works. It works. And then I feel
Jessica G: What's the word I'm
Jessica G: Productive
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Jessica G: When I clean
Jessica G: So,
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, even though it's your practice to keep things clean. There were bugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway,
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: There were
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything more to those funds because it got to cry. And for a while.
Jessica G: I was just freaking out. I think it just triggered because I have that whole like
Jessica G: Okay, so I had just got done watching the video I had just found out the schools were closing. You know, like all like everything was just hitting young ones and then I came downstairs.
Jessica G: I turned on the kitchen. My and then like I seen it getting by. And I stopped there I killed it right away. And then, so I turned over here. This way I have met some food on the stove.
Jessica G: And less like some food there. But we had just eight we had to say earlier. So this was like an afternoon and I had it cleaned it up yet. So it was so I seem like another little one scattered
Jessica G: And then, um,
Jessica G: And then I seen another one like the same area.
Jessica G: And so that's
Jessica G: That's when like I felt like I needed my head started spinning and and I started freaking out. And I was like, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And I guess what I'm trying to get out, see if you can figure out what that says about you just put a clean a clean and clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a bug. There's a second one. That's the belief about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think I am what
Jessica G: I'm not a good mom.
Jessica G: Cuz I'm dirty cuz that's dirty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that seem like you just found that seems really true, like we just found what's underlying the reaction. Why the crying because then you have to sit with I'm not a good mom.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That seeming like that's at the heart of the
Jessica G: Soul. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then of course you see yourself normally right wanting you you identify, I believe, quite strongly with
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be a good mom I work very hard to be a good mom right you're sacrificing a lot to be a good mom and it's in your face. You see something that doesn't match that got a bug.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: With a little bug has a lot of power, we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a little bug try and look for snack.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that opinion of himself. He's just
Looking for food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean if you take it from the perspective of the book.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, he's probably a little pissed off at you because you keep cleaning everything up.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, do you think that I'm being ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Jessica G: No, it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it wasn't at that time was it
Jessica G: No.
Jessica G: I don't really take that into consideration.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I wonder has. It has to do with the good enough stuff. What I wonder is, how else was your mother caregiver.
Gwenevere Abriel: A good mom.
Jessica G: She worked really, really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you feeling right now what just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see very much on until
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just one of the problems with these things. So I don't know what's
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up. Is that what's what's going on. Yeah. Okay. All right. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Is sad, the emotion that's happening.
Something else.
Jessica G: Yeah, I think so.
Okay.
Jessica G: Because you worked really hard.
Jessica G: And I never appreciate it, that I only felt
Jessica G: Only see now, I was always alone.
Jessica G: Always by myself.
Jessica G: And everything I learned how to do everything by myself. But because she was working so hard to cut a roof over our head.
Jessica G: You know, and then
Jessica G: Like I felt like I didn't appreciate. She left
Jessica G: She was never came back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, did I just hear you try to blame yourself.
Jessica G: Yeah, I guess not blame myself but just
Jessica G: Just I'm
Jessica G: Just regret, like I regret.
Jessica G: I regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanna, I want to protect you a little bit here. Okay, want to be careful because there's a lot of other perspectives to take
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom had to work hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were left alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You needed her to be
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you feel regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is confusing, that that would be the approach.
Jessica G: Yeah, I still regret, because I wasn't very nice to her and I blamed her a lot and night.
Jessica G: I guess I just
Jessica G: I don't
Jessica G: Know what the word I'm looking for a
Jessica G: I just judged her a lot
Jessica G: Later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see, let me see what's underneath this. See if you can finish this sentence I don't often leave
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she left because, see if you can say that sentence in your own way.
Jessica G: I think she left because
Jessica G: She wasn't happy here.
Jessica G: She
Jessica G: Didn't want to lose her boyfriend.
Jessica G: He was seeing another woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and and how do you feel that under this hypothesis that she left
Gwenevere Abriel: To be with a boyfriend what emotion.
Jessica G: At this point I just feel angry.
Yeah.
Jessica G: I used to be.
Jessica G: Like for the longest time when I was like I was always
Jessica G: I always told myself that I was okay with it because she was happy. And she did what was best for her. And as long as she was happy I was happy. And that was something that I found myself anytime, anyplace Brad ago
Jessica G: I was found myself being
Jessica G: While she's happy and and that's okay you know
Jessica G: We were very good kids to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. Jessica, that's making me concerned again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does your behavior, have to do with your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leaving
Jessica G: Well, I guess, whenever she left. I was already misener
Jessica G: I was already
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: Doing whatever I wanted to do.
Jessica G: And then
Jessica G: Like staying over at a boyfriend's house.
Jessica G: Because by that time I had already started smoking heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica take a peek at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason why I keep directing the conversation is because my concern is that somehow you think thank your behavior has anything to do with her leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm concerned that you think it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has nothing to do with it. Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That rebellious teenager, the one that did her own thing survived a difficult environment survived.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being alone when you needed her. And I'm not trying to say that being a single mother is easy, but you're skipping over an important part, which is the anger and the sadness and you're forgiving like almost too soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to first be pissed off, and you can be as pissed off as you wanted here, right, because you're missing the part that you were acting out right heroin, whatever you describe as I can remember the words you use, but, you know, going out and whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are literally surviving Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what you needed was it good and
Gwenevere Abriel: It would have been convenient if there was enough resource for your mom to be home and teach you
Gwenevere Abriel: How to cook, how to handle certain relationships, how to how to grow up. I wish he was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right to be mad. That's what the teenager got to do the teenager got to be pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in here today. My concern how surgeon
Gwenevere Abriel: That's somehow what you did or didn't do have anything to do with her leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything that you're a little boy could do fish, you were to leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The truth may be uncomfortable about your mother's decision. But if we look at it right in the eye and we say, I just wouldn't make that same choice. Your mother. Not good, not bad. She made the decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: That way, she knows how now. I haven't met her. She may be missing some skills around self love self efficacy and maybe she needed it through a man, I don't know. Sounds like it because I'm listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we have to say, What am I going to pretend like that's not real. Am I going to blame my client, I know I'm not and I keep hearing tiny, tiny, tiny sparks of it and I'm concerned, it was not your fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish she hadn't done it. But I also don't know I don't know what was going on. I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you blaming you, that right that I want to keep my eye on that concerns me
Gwenevere Abriel: You were born.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do you her job right protect feed clothes right to be your mother, and it wasn't there. The way you needed it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right to be sad and angry and all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And name it just what it is and then time pass and maybe then forgiveness, but maybe you forgave before
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to be really pissed off and angry really grief because it's one of the things that you've identified in therapy that you wanted to understand why did she leave
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, as I say, it had nothing to do with you. Is there a part of you that doesn't believe me.
Jessica G: I just
Jessica G: I just know I just
Jessica G: Yeah, I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because it's intolerable for a little girl to have believed that a mother that you're blaming yourself because it's something you can control, sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can control with this woman did it's unfathomable okay it's but it's not something you can control, you can't control those bugs coming in either retired.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but it's about helplessness. That's the theme here, we can't control it. So what do we do. We all do the same exact thing we do perfectionism, we do. I'm just going to beat myself up. I'm the problem we blame ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we can't control these things outside of ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all do it. And yes, it all gets fancy with all these different stories, but most humans when we're tiny little people. The number coming up. We're growing up. We control what we can we blame ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all do that if we don't have just the right parent right here about 30% of the time is about what good enough is statistically if they gotta get about 30% of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't have to be perfect and neither do you. Okay, but about 30% so but if this parent if this caregiver doesn't say back to you, baby girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: My leaving has nothing to do with you, baby girl. This has nothing to do with your smoking weed having sex going out whatever I don't even know what the things are. If you don't have a parent saying it to you and showing you this has nothing to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're left with having to answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And most people
Gwenevere Abriel: They either get mad and say, how could you. How could you or they turn it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they say I did something I wasn't enough. If only I had maybe she wouldn't have left.
Had nothing to do with you.
Jessica G: Well, she said.
Jessica G: To her life was help
Jessica G: With how miserable.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's her problem to work out darlin
Gwenevere Abriel: Not yours you you received the fallout from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it has this effect this hurt because it looks hurt. I know you say anchor for to look hurt and sad.
Jessica G: Yeah, sure. I was like this little girl. This little girl that she you know is raising loving she's there with her. And I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh I be so hurt.
Jessica G: Like, it's not the little girls. Well, like, don't get me wrong, and she's helping her be
Jessica G: Not being in a situation
Jessica G: that otherwise would be kind of messed up or not ideal, I guess, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't, don't worry about her. I want to know how you feel robbed.
Jessica G: Because that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't get it this other person gets it. You don't have to make excuses for the little girl I of course she's just as innocent as you are as your son is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about you sitting with your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've missed out on an opportunity to feel them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to express them in a direct way we can at least for now least talk about what's real in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little bit more about the anchor.
Jessica G: Baby
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh god.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just realized what time it was maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little like open up that can of worms.
Jessica G: We'll just put it in the box.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, put anger in the box, stick it in there and we'll bring it out later. So just make a little, a little moment here for yourself around what you noticed that came up for you. That was important for you.
Jessica G: There. I've never even admitted to myself first it out loud before
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the thing needed to be said, what's the thing you hadn't said before.
Jessica G: I love it.
Jessica G: All of it about the little girl.
Jessica G: Girl. My mom not be there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like to hear me share my perspective and all her
Jessica G: It was nice. It was
Jessica G: Made me feel
Jessica G: okay with being hurt.
Jessica G: okay with being added in, like I was in wrong for having emotion.
Help
Jessica G: You
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're just getting started with that but you got to feel something. Right. And guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing horrible have
Gwenevere Abriel: You here. Okay. Babies there you're going to go do your day going to go do your thing going to put whatever's left over, maybe some anger, we can pick that up together. If you want to kind of bring it out and talk about it. And if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you need anything from me and so far as medication. Do I need to send a message anywhere.
Jessica G: For your own
Jessica G: I'm okay to tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll get to see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Are you feeling I'm feeling kind of ready to do your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Jessica G: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Really hot
Gwenevere Abriel: Here today and I look forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Jessica G: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome. Bye for now.
Bye.